a lot of people today I
find for a new Saturday video
so it's a tag it is with regret that
I did it myself when I was in
course because in college I worked
plus given that mare vallier so
i had free time in td so for
to make a tag
I do not do many, so here we go
pacser the riding equipment and you
how in the morning it's you you'll have the
right to do it and just say you
that it is from me that I will put the
questions to hambach 9 years here I hope
that he will please you then question
will remain what is your color
favorite equipment
my favorite equipment color I like
many green the green apple the
Belgian headband that I like
pretty simple colors actually
and apart from the green only here and 20
after all that is pretty sober class
the black all that I like well after
I had a little of everything
time that it goes well with the horse and that its
life is a crush bat jacques
twists second question you prefer them
chabrac carpet mats chabrac kind
late and finally salt
I'll give you appears to have since
I find it prettier than those who have the
form of the third question scene
for grooming and you rather I go to
the essential thing is to say and ribbon
on foot or rather to that for that I
I will not take it
bam it depends we mean that when I
go to a store of both
I do not immediately want to
take all and sometimes I'm
hurry to riding bah I'm going to
the essential in general it will be and
standing ribbon when I'm in a hurry
4 you go back to his favorite shop
to what rich teddy right now
down to 220 the equitation2 it seems
logical and I will first look at everything
which is
the products the new products that
have just come out
then I'm going to watch some protections
halter everywhere even though I already have everything
I always have better to watch
5 then ravages or black leather then
paravan if there are any who do not know
I hear brown like the one that is
there as my son and bassam al sol
since I both downstream I love the
brown leather for me black cabbage leather
it's not too natural actually
I like it I do not like it so much
pure havana question 6 crazy like that and
who loves you norton and norton hb polo or
scapa for debt because it's not
super expensive and who loves you because it's
beautiful and not super expensive
afterwards in terms of playing for the
risk is not I agree these are
super beautiful carpet beautiful sounded
but put 100 euros in a carpet
before gas jelly to this case no
25th place unless I have to
sparkling water but no because I find
it's super expensive they'll you for a
carpet question this damper in sheep
or a gel
I have read in several studies that
angele dampers like they have no
gutters and this is often the case kind
as guarding it including same
the back of the horse and it's not good and I
therefore preferred the sheep because it is
the more solid the gel breaks and
frankly the sheep is super sweet
it's super nice for the horse and
in addition it is beautiful 8 gaiters firm is
open to polo tapes I want to do
my gaiters open because it's more
periguous aesthetic to close and I like
well polo sales since she
will come in many colors and that
this case question number 9 when you
do a set you go to where it's
to say leggings you have people blow
really good in general I take the
carpets and be there the halter not often
because yes like I can I will do this
that I find it beautiful and everything but I
already lincoln leather then in general
to use the uses his time after
the cover does not eat there is no
other covers raemdonck
not even if it pleases issue halters
foods a good ps nicole leather i would say
more indie leather collar simply
because I find it more classy
certainly it's more expensive but it's more
solid
after lily cole pink cheeks at mulhouse
I love them the colors
Too beautiful like you for
realize the red carpet there is too much
short a question 11 to carry
your gear you have a crash box or
a bag I have the 2 is currently
I use a grooming bag because I
find that it's bulky me actually
than the box that super rigid and we can
not pack the day all two years
after it's big and everything but and I
think that
there with the greens I'll rather take
a box of grooming because food
lactating haddock
if I ever get to rain at the pub at
least I can close it and it remains to
dry 12 who are treating 8 seaweed and I
water that I do not know what I have
did anything and I came out I
I'm sorry that usually I actually
could always marketed worries one
was telling me you size and joe to welcome
right in the time the pod and 16 goethe
with darts breier I size of
throws
I could you are gay who is I'm going
tagged and who you fans but that
would surprise me that she is watching the video
then in addition to coffee no video
I attack then this force and look at the
fixed video and at worst you prune yourself
all alone if I ever told you
if I had climbed with you please
free you can do it just you
say that these two months so that's it
I hope you liked this tag
make big kisses and see you soon